# Unfuddle2Bitbucket

This program converts a backup.xml (Tickets, Milestones, etc.) created from Unfuddle to a JSON that can be importet by Bitbucket.

Repository: https://github.com/RobertHeim/unfuddle2bitbucket

## WARNING
1. An import on Bitbucket removes ALL existing issues!

2. Certain objects, such as usernames or comments, rely on foreign keys. During an import, Bitbucket silently uses NULL to replace any foreign keys that it cannot resolve (for example, a username that does not exist on Bitbucket).

3. All, foreign keys are managed from the converter. However, a user at unfuddle named "unfuddleUser1" may exist on Bitbucket with another username, e.g. "bitbucketUser1". To convert the username, you can provide a *userMap*. See [USAGE.md](USAGE.md) for more information. If you forget to configure the config-file, **someoneelse on this planet** might get assigned to the issues!

## What is supported?

* People (they are mappable to bitbucket-accounts)
* Projects / Repository -> Only the 1st repository is converted, because Bitbucket can only import issues to a specific repository.
* Components
* Milestones
* Versions
* Tickets
    * id
    * status
    * reporter
    * assignee
    * priority
    * severity / kind
    * title / summary
    * createdOn / createdAt
    * updatedOn / updatedAt
    * content / description
    * contentUpdatedOn / updatedOn
    * component
    * milestone
    * comments
    * watcher / subscriptions
    * ~~voters~~ (does not exist in unfuddle?!)
* Components
* Meta
* ~~Attachments~~
* Events on tickets converted to logs:
    * create ticket
    * accept ticket
    * close ticket
    * reassign ticket
    * resolve ticket
    * reopen ticket
    * ~~update ticket~~ Unfuddle puts the changes from the update in the description - this may contain emailaddresses as plaintext or sometimes the Names (not usernames) and other stuff... which makes it quite complicated to support it. A solution might parse the description-field. It may contain the changed field enclosed in  double-stars (\*\*)
* ~~Links to Changesets from Tickets, Comments and Logs~~

## Usage

see [USAGE.md](USAGE.md)

## Further information

The data format that is generated by Unfuddle can be found [here](https://unfuddle.com/support/docs/api/data_models).

The data format that is expected by Bitbucket can be found [here](https://confluence.atlassian.com/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=330796872).

## License

see [LICENCE.md](LICENCE.md)
